Added detail about open ports in Umbraco Cloud (#6051)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/security.md

By default, all ports are closed to secure them against external attacks. This is done for all ports apart from 80 (HTTP) and 443 (HTTPS).

> {% hint style="info" %}
> Some scanning tools will report some other ports open due to Cloudflare's default support on those ports. However, all traffic on those ports is managed by Umbraco Cloud and never reaches your project. You can read more about the Cloudflare Network Ports in the [Cloudflare Documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/reference/network-ports/).
> {% endhint %}
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
Some scanning tools will report some other ports open due to Cloudflare's default support on those ports. However, all traffic on those ports is managed by Umbraco Cloud and never reaches your project. You can read more about the Cloudflare Network Ports in the [Cloudflare Documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/reference/network-ports/).
{% endhint %}

```

By default, all ports are closed to secure them against external attacks. This is done for all ports apart from 80 (HTTP) and 443 (HTTPS).

{% hint style="info" %}

> Some scanning tools will report some other ports open due to cloudflare's default support on those ports. However, all traffic on those ports are managed by Umbraco Cloud and never reach your project. 
> [Read more more about cloudflare network ports](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/reference/network-ports/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some scanning tools will report some other ports open due to Cloudflare's default support on those ports. However, all traffic on those ports is managed by Umbraco Cloud and never reaches your project. You can read more about the Cloudflare Network Ports in the [Cloudflare Documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/reference/network-ports/).
```
